Mobile one and this is my walgreens
Harvey dallas leak Sunday obviously a
team not much going on it's drug stores
this week I went to Walgreens and Rite
Aid only today I do not plan to go to
CBS although they do have a good cook
field it's cooked two liters I think
they're like family force sensors that
would be the in store if you wanted to
give we skip or so that's about the only
thing I can say about CVS just nothing
really going on that will get me in
there in the store although i did scan
my car to get my cue I did to that thing
okay for walgreens I got some more back
to school stuff ok I use a lot of in a
store coupons at walgreens this week and
again I have not received a wall
wow that just bugs me bugs me so much
I'm not get in all the drug store ads in
my newspaper I paid two dollars from a
newspaper it's the most expensive
newspaper I have around here I expect on
the guard as being a thing as loan rates
okay for warrants i'll go ahead and
start here the mandarin oranges are on
sale with an NS cool coupon for 69 cents
each now limit on those is sick I just
decided to pick up three today the
candies are on sale two per dollar with
an inedible coupon limit of six unloads
you guys that's why I went to two stores
today a lot 6 at the first door and 670
because I had two cute ones I used a 53
get one free coupon on the crunch bars
that's why I have for crunch bars here
and the coupon took off this thing how
much took off because there was no box
on the coupon or the cashier due to
round there how much see Katie was
looking chick quick
ok so it did take picture since I so i
didn't get one free on that and i picked
up to butterfingers those on form on
index cards no in a store coupon for
this you guys these are burning on since
each no limit and pleasure measure fits
element and they have every right to do
so sometimes on like higher stuff where
there's a hata our to point them out and
then know about it the managers at my
store definitely will put
those even though there's no limit in
the app so just keep that in mind some
managers do exercise that right to do so
and also for 39 kids you can get a
sharpie marker and you can get a number
to a pact with pencils I decided to just
get four index cards how I feel and
another deal for the mechanical pencils
there's no index store coupon needed
these are 49 pins now this is the paper
bags grip mechanical pencil Spotfire so
I like the grip on these these are a
little bit better than the ones I ball I
believe it was last week so that's why
i'm paying the same crap but fewer
pencils I just think these are a little
bit
I think last week I'm still packing at
the other pals i'm still trying to clean
up place up and I'm just kind of trying
to get back into my couponing you guys
for those of you who are call me on
Facebook and Twitter that's why I've
really been posting daily I have been
super super busy another place yesterday
I was there all day up until not the
only time I wasn't there when i was
eating
that's why I probably tired today that's
wise up late last night Travis that
place situated i still have a kitchen
full stuff oh I hate me okay for the
energy store coupons for the
back-to-school items there's a whole
page 0 so I'm not pretty good some not
so you just have to decide which ones
you want to go and get what I've decided
to do was the index card holders these
are 30 minutes tnx were coupon and you
are allowed to get three of them also
with the coupon you can get the
paperclip 100 count if you need their
clips they're dirty nonsense
and it takes there's two different
styles on the coupon making these 3958
filling up three but my store only
carried the one side so that's why I got
the small ones here yeah talk about
everything you guys not total I'll
pocket for this transaction here ended
up being not ours and 51 cents and the
oh it's the second store and just picked
up some more candy I wanted to use the
other buy three get one free coupons and
it also took 50 60 and my total this
transaction for the candy end up being
two dollars and sixty 16 so my overall
total out-of-pocket for all these items
here cost me eleven dollars and eighty
eight stamps for 26 hours not a bad deal
I don't think cuz I got my old candy
bars I kind of like a report on the
kidney guys but um I guess I'll just put
this in my stockpile it won't last long
in your payroll this week I'm up in a
week
all right baha
you